= dbsync

A set of rake tasks to help you sync your production 
data with your local database for development.

Currently only supports:
* Rails
* MySQL

Support for more things will happen if anybody needs it.

Add the following to your +config/environments/development.rb+ 
file:
  config.dbsync = ActiveSupport::OrderedOptions.new

  config.dbsync.filename    = "yourapp_production_data.dump" # The name of the remote dumpfile
  config.dbsync.local_dir   = "#{Rails.root}/../dbsync"      # The local directory to store the dump file. No trailing slash
  config.dbsync.remote_host = "66.123.4.567"                 # Remote server where the dumpfile is
  config.dbsync.remote_dir  = "~dbsync"                      # The directory on the remote server where the dumpfile is

Now just make sure you have something on the remote 
server updating that dumpfile. I recommend a cronjob:
  0 */12 * * * /usr/bin/mysqldump yourapp_production > /home/dbsync/yourapp_production_data.dump

You will need proper SSH access into the remote server, 
as the tasks use +rsync+ and +scp+ directly.

Run +rake -T dbsync+ for all of the available tasks:
  rake dbsync             # Alias for dbsync:pull
  rake dbsync:clone       # Copy the remote dump file, reset the local database, and load in the dump file
  rake dbsync:clone_dump  # Copy the remote dump file to a local destination
  rake dbsync:config      # Show the dbsync configuration
  rake dbsync:fetch       # Update the local dump file from the remote source
  rake dbsync:merge       # Merge the local dump file into the local database
  rake dbsync:pull        # Update the local dump file, and merge it into the local database
  rake dbsync:reset       # Drop & Create the database, then load the dump file.

== TODO

- Specs!

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Bryan Ricker/SCPR.

== Licence

MIT License.
